1.Suppose the other teams really had been observing all the bytes going across
 the network. Is your resulting network still secure? If so, explain why, and 
explain whether your answer would change. 
: Sending data through SSH is encrypted, which all the bytes are safe from
any hacker attacks or sniping in between since they require the receiver's 
private key to decipher/decrypt the data/message.

(1) you assumed the other teams had also tapped your keyboards and had 
observed all of your team's keystrokes
: If the teams had access to tap our keyboard, then the data will no longer
be secure if the tapping has been made during the authentication stage.
It is possible the other team could have access to the user name, password,
and passphrase. This could lead them to get the private key to decrypt the
data.

(2) you are booting off USB and you assume the other teams temporarily had 
physical control of the USB. If not, explain any weaknesses of your team's 
setups, focusing on possible attacks by such outside observers.
: Having access to the bootable USB drive will give the other teams to see 
all .ssh folders and the private key. By this, the other team will be able to 
set up the authentication process and decrypte the messages. 
The weakness is to use a bootable USB but not a physical drive and leaving 
it somewhere that anyone can take it from and use it.

2,Explain why the gpg --verify command in the following instructions doesn't 
really verify that you personally created the tar file in question. How would 
you go about fixing this problem?
: gpg --verify command only verifies the document but not the originality.
This command only uses the public key to decrypt the data and compare the 
signature. This will just show the sender of the file, but not the author of 
the data/file.

To fix this problem is to use widely trusted third party certificate companies 
such as digicert or verisign to keep track of the public key and the author to
the key to whom to assign. (Different user) These companies can verify the 
identity of the sender based on the issued certificate.
